README.md, before:

# DivineBooter

IMPORTANT NOTE: **This works only for Vanilla. It might work even for Bukkit/Spigot, but I do not assure it.
Why does it work only for Vanilla? Because the packets that DivineBooter sends are too fast and Bukkit/Spigot blocks them.
Could I create one for Bukkit/Spigot? Yes. Will I do it? *No.*** 


DivineBooter is a special type of tool that attacks Minecraft servers sending packets and bots.
Why should you choose DivineBooter over other booters?
```yml
1): Fast & Powerful.
2): Open-Source.
3): Frequently updated.
4): Comfortable design.
5): Uses raw Minecraft protocol instead of slow libraries.
6): Customizable attacks.
7): Italian quality.
```

Let's see how can we perform an attack using DivineBooter. 
First of all, after opening it, we should see an interface like this:
```css
DivineBooter
> 
```
Generally, we could type help to see all the commands, but we will go straight into attack.

Type 'attack' and type the informations you have to type. Then, the specified Minecraft server will soon die.
As the attack starts, you will see something like this:
```yml
Sending bots...
```
How to use proxies? Using proxies is as easy as seducing a 12 year old guy: if you have big and sexy tits you get him.
Now, to use proxies you must type "y" when in the attack section the program asks you this:

```css
Use proxies? (Y/n):
```
In order to actually use proxies you have to create a file called "proxiesFile.txt" and put ONE proxy in. And then there you go, you use your proxy.

PRO TIP: If you want the specified Minecraft server to crash instantly, do not use proxies, as they are of course slower than your IPs. Use proxies only if you want anonymity! 

Run this on a botnet or a VPS and you have your secure Minecraft hacking environment!

DivineBooter is so customizable that allows you to use insane features:

THEMES: 
There are currently three themes available: **default**, **colorblind** and **LGBT**.

In order to choose a theme you have to create a file named "**divineThemeSelector.txt**" and then type "default"
if you want to choose **default theme**, "colorblind" if you want to choose **colorblind theme** and "LGBT" if you want to choose **LGBT** theme.

COMMANDS:
You can create a command and inject it into DivineBooter. How? Well... very simple.
You create a file called "**CustomCommandExecutor.java**" and format it like this:

```java
public class CustomCommandExecutor {
    public static void execute() {
      //here you go with your code
    }
}
```
After this you can type "custom" in DivineBooter and let the software inject the command and run it.
P.S.: This command is barely supported, if any bugs occur then it's because your code doesn't work!

NOTE: **Custom commands work only on default theme!** (for now)


------------------------

```diff
! TODO

+ Creating a new programming language called DivineC
+ Implementing DivineC in order to create custom commands with it
+ Creating sockets for DivineC
+ Making Minecraft protocol usable from DivineC
+ Making basical data types to be sent through sockets, especially for Minecraft protocol

```
------------------------

```diff
- Made with love and pizza by ThaMessia
```

Commit message:

Added start tutorial + made everything look posh

README.md, after:

# DivineBooter

## Intro

IMPORTANT NOTE: **This works only for Vanilla. It might work even for Bukkit/Spigot, but I do not assure it.
Why does it work only for Vanilla? Because the packets that DivineBooter sends are too fast and Bukkit/Spigot blocks them.
Could I create one for Bukkit/Spigot? Yes. Will I do it? *No.*** 


DivineBooter is a special type of tool that attacks Minecraft servers sending packets and bots.
Why should you choose DivineBooter over other booters?
```yml
1): Fast & Powerful.
2): Open-Source.
3): Frequently updated.
4): Comfortable design.
5): Uses raw Minecraft protocol instead of slow libraries.
6): Customizable attacks.
7): Italian quality.
```

## Starting

------------------------

How to start the program? Very simple.
Type the following command in the terminal located in the same directory of the .jar file:
```
java -jar DivineBooter.jar
```

------------------------

## Attacking

Let's see how can we perform an attack using DivineBooter. 
First of all, after opening it, we should see an interface like this:
```css
DivineBooter
> 
```
Generally, we could type help to see all the commands, but we will go straight into attack.

Type 'attack' and type the informations you have to type. Then, the specified Minecraft server will soon die.
As the attack starts, you will see something like this:
```yml
Sending bots...
```

------------------------

### Proxying

How to use proxies? Using proxies is as easy as seducing a 12 year old guy: if you have big and sexy tits you get him.
Now, to use proxies you must type "y" when in the attack section the program asks you this:

```css
Use proxies? (Y/n):
```
In order to actually use proxies you have to create a file called "proxiesFile.txt" and put ONE proxy in. And then there you go, you use your proxy.

PRO TIP: If you want the specified Minecraft server to crash instantly, do not use proxies, as they are of course slower than your IPs. Use proxies only if you want anonymity! 

Run this on a botnet or a VPS and you have your secure Minecraft hacking environment!

------------------------

### Customization

DivineBooter is so customizable that allows you to use insane features:

THEMES: 
There are currently three themes available: **default**, **colorblind** and **LGBT**.

In order to choose a theme you have to create a file named "**divineThemeSelector.txt**" and then type "default"
if you want to choose **default theme**, "colorblind" if you want to choose **colorblind theme** and "LGBT" if you want to choose **LGBT** theme.

COMMANDS:
You can create a command and inject it into DivineBooter. How? Well... very simple.
You create a file called "**CustomCommandExecutor.java**" and format it like this:

```java
public class CustomCommandExecutor {
    public static void execute() {
      //here you go with your code
    }
}
```
After this you can type "custom" in DivineBooter and let the software inject the command and run it.
P.S.: This command is barely supported, if any bugs occur then it's because your code doesn't work!

NOTE: **Custom commands work only on default theme!** (for now)


------------------------

```diff
! TODO

+ Creating a new programming language called DivineC
+ Implementing DivineC in order to create custom commands with it
+ Creating sockets for DivineC
+ Making Minecraft protocol usable from DivineC
+ Making basical data types to be sent through sockets, especially for Minecraft protocol

```
------------------------

```diff
- Made with love and pizza by ThaMessia
```
